remove siip refs make them sienna (#425)
NREL-Sienna/InfrastructureSystems.jl: README.md

## Development

Contributions to the development and enahancement of InfrastructureSystems is welcome. Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/NREL-Sienna/InfrastructureSystems.jl/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for code contribution guidelines.

## License

> InfrastructureSystems is released under a BSD [license](https://github.com/NREL-Sienna/InfrastructureSystems.jl/blob/main/LICENSE). InfrastructureSystems has been developed as part of the Scalable Integrated Infrastructure Planning (SIIP) initiative at the U.S. Department of Energy's National Renewable Energy Laboratory ([NREL](https://www.nrel.gov/)) Software Record SWR-20-52

Reviewer: ```suggestion
InfrastructureSystems is released under a BSD [license](https://github.com/NREL-Sienna/InfrastructureSystems.jl/blob/main/LICENSE). InfrastructureSystems has been developed as part of the [Sienna initiative](https://nrel-sienna.github.io/Sienna/) at the U.S. Department of Energy's National Renewable Energy Laboratory ([NREL](https://www.nrel.gov/)) Software Record SWR-20-52
```

Author: This is ok, I am leaving SIIP in the licensing since those correspond to the software records.
